# Architecture (1–2 paragraphs)

High Level Architecture:
The bot connects with the GPT Model suing the OpenAI API and to the Twilio server using the ngrok tunnel. The file voicebot.py containing the server side code that uses the Framework FastAPI. The server recieves voice input from Twilio, intercepts  it and sends it to OpenAI using its api key. OpenAI sends the response generated by the GPT Model to the server and the server sends the response back to Twilio. Call connection and maintanece with the reciever is handeled by Twilio.

Brief Overview:
The Server runs on port 6060. An ngrok tunnel is created to recieve Twilio responses on this port. Initially when the server starts it recieves the reciever number and the scenario as query parameters. The voicebot.py file starts the server on the port 6060 and it starts the session using multiple parameters like output modality, input_audio_tanscription model, system message and input and output audio format.These parameters are required by the OpenAI API to generated a response using a transcription model.After session establishment the voicebot.py file gets the scenario that is passed as a query parameter from the scenario file present in the scenario folder. The opener for the specific scenario is used to start the conversation once the call is connected.The patient(voicebot) makes use of either the scripted scenario lines to move the converation forward or it used the OpenAI api based on the nature of the input it recieves over the call. There are multiple types of responses recieved from Twilio like error, session_error, response.context.done, input_transcription_complete and many more. A part of the response gets appended to the transcript for that particular session based on the type of response like there is no need to append transcript for error responses but for complete or done there is. After the call ends the socket connection is closed and the transcript and the bug_report files are generated. The bug_report file is generated based on the transcript using the get_bugs function defined in the Bug_reports.py file.

Challenges:
I first started with Cursor. Cursor generated the entire codebase including the scenarios,a flask app , the .env file, the architecture and the ReadMe file. I tried to run the code directly but I faced a HTTP retireval error that I fixed using the paid subscription of NGROK. After that the call gets placed but it gets disconected with 3 secs of reciever pickup. This was due to a web socket mismatch error the web server coudn't understand the TwinML format. I tried changing the TwinML format but it didn't work. I then found a Tutorial on Twilio that used FastAPI instead of flask. I built the voicebot using that sice FASTAPI comes with Twilio support.Now when I placed the call the call doesnt get dropped but there is no output audio on the reciever side. I used Codex for debugging and it suggested me to use a diffrent voice or suggest the bot to speak loudly in the system message. I tried but it did not work. I then directly placed the call to the Healtcare Agent and recieved an insufficient quota error message. I added credits in my OpenAI account and the call worked fine. I then used Gemini to integrate Scenario's , transcription and Bug report  in the voicebot.py file. The scenario's are obtained from the previously generated files for the Flask app from Cursor.I call worked fine but the transcript and bug_reports where being generated after 60 minutes when the session ends due to a session error. I used Codex to modify the code so that the files are generated as soon as any one side connection ends instead of waiting for boh the connections to end or the session to end.Now the files were generated immediately after connection close But the bot only placed the call for the new schedule scenario even when I passed a diffrent parameter in the input query. I used codex for debugging and found out that the scenario was getting overwritten during runtime to fix it I replaced the opener with that of the requested scenario (diffrent openers are present for each scenario in their.py files) and codex added the LAST_REQUESTED_SCENARIO_ID variable in the senario_id expression. Now the app responsed to diffrent scenarios based on the query parameter.  
